please welcome to the stage Donald
Hassen CPO at
[Music]
Dashlane all right welcome everybody to
this afternoon session of the saster
Europa conference um where we're going
to talk about how to build a customer
first strategy and structure for your
business my name is Donald Hassen I'm
the CPO of Dashlane and my goal over the
next 30 minutes is to boil down a couple
of Decades of experience into actionable
advice that you can apply regardless of
whatever Stage Company you may be
at so before we dive in a little bit
about uh a little bit about me so as I
mentioned I've been doing this for a
long time I've always gravitated towards
product roles because of my obsession
for solving customer problems this is
really embodied by a story that I want
to quickly tell so a while back we
brought in a new CPO at one of the
companies I was at who I reported into
and I worked with for a few months and
after a little while we sat down had
some drinks and he gave me some advice
said Donald you're really good with
customers the sales team really loves
you and the the deals that you're part
of they always seem to go really well
you ever thought about going into a
sales role and I thought not really I
like doing the product thing so I blew
it off so about a year goes by and we
sit down again having some drinks he
says the same thing Donald you're great
with customers you ever thought about
going to sales so again I was flattered
but this isn't my thing I wanted to do
Ro so another year or so goes by same
thing hey Donald you're great with
customers you ever thought about going
to sales by the third time I started to
ask myself does this guy think that I
would be good in sales or does he just
think that I suck as a product manager
and I like to think that it's the former
we went on to do some great things that
company but it really embodies what I
think about the role of the customer and
how Central the customer needs to be in
all of our development process and
building out um product strategy so as I
said I've been um doing product for a
long time at a variety of roles either
product- like or more technical or pure
product management at companies ranging
from Global multinationals to small
startups Building Products ranging from
navigation systems for military aircraft
all the way to SAS based password
managers like where I am with Dashlane
and some of those stops along the way
have been at companies that are private
Equity owned which has sometimes a bad
connotation certainly in the startup
realm but one of the things that I
learned from it when you're being
imposed with hitting 45% ebaa margins
while still growing at above market rate
is it forces you to get really good at
working with a very limited amount of
resources exactly what startups have to
do anyway and so some of the things that
we're going to talk about today really
represent um some of the uh the things
that we've learned on how to really
optimize the best results that we can
for the business in whatever stage we're
at so as I mentioned um I'm Chief
product officer of Dashlane Dashlane has
had about 15 years of experience really
serving about 20 million customers and
22,000 businesses around the world with
a product that end users love and
businesses can depend on and some of the
things that we're going to talk about
today represent how we think about
solving these really hard problems for
our customers in a way that ultimately
meets their needs and serves the growth
and needs of our business for example
how do we build a product that end users
sh chose to adopt because they love it
so much while
simultaneously improving the security of
our organization and this is a problem
that is no more pronounced and critical
than it is today so we'll talk through
that as we go through the presentation a
bit more getting building out a customer
first strategy there are a lot of things
that can get in the way of making this
harder to do but it really comes down to
four big problem areas that culminate
into being blockers to being great at
being customer first now the first thing
is how do we Corral this massive amount
of market research and customer data and
insights and feedback that's coming in a
way that we can actually do something
about it a lot of times what companies
will do is they'll put up on their
website feedback at companyname tocom
you get a million emails in you can't do
anything about it and you become known
as a black hole and then people just
stop sending things into you so that's
not a good solution the next thing is
becoming the sort of feature Factory
where we're building things that we
don't really understand exactly why
we're building it we may be checking
some boxes we may be doing on gut feeli
but it's not tying back to the customer
problem or or trying to achieve a spef
specific outcome so that doesn't really
help us that much either the next is a
lack of research now research can feel
like a very heavy thing it doesn't have
to be we're talking about validating
that we're building the right thing and
not sticking our head in the sand and
hoping that the features that we've just
built actually meet the market needs
we're doing some basic validation to
make sure that we're solving for
something we're solving for as much of
the market that we're trying to serve as
possible and the last is a very common
challenge around shipping and forgetting
now there's really two parts of this the
first is back to we talked about about
the feature Factory sometimes we don't
have real goals for what we're trying to
build so we put together this time and
effort around a feature we don't really
understand what the outcomes are we're
trying to achieve that's really a
non-starter you need to have some guy
idea of what this feature is trying to
do for both your customers and your
Brader business secondly is when we ship
it we need to have some clue as to what
we're looking for in terms of
measurement to to decide and to see if
this thing has achieved the results or
if we need to iterate on it and we'll
talk more about that in a bit now this
is critical because I want to walk
through a very quick scenario when we're
making these decisions these are Big
levers that we're pulling we're talking
about potentially millions of dollars of
development resources that we're
deciding where to put those resources so
the scenario is we have feature a could
be a product could be a feature doesn't
matter the feature a it cost us about a
million dollars to build all right we
build the feature we get it into market
and for whatever reason Reon we've
missed the mark and we didn't get any
incremental ARR from from this feature
now the scenario the second part of the
scenario is we could have built feature
B let's just assume for sake of
discussion it costs also a million
dollars to build the feature but when we
get into market we've generated 5
million in ARR so what happens is if we
made the wrong choice and we built
feature a it didn't just cost us a
million dollars it actually cost us $5
million in opportunity cost that's
really the more important piece so
between A and B both cost a million
dollar that b would have driven 5
million we don't choose B we choose a
that's a $5 million swing in terms of
opportunity costs so yes the things that
we're talking about are critical that we
get right and we learn ways to drisk the
things that we're building at every step
along the way just like most business
challenges how you become more customer
Centric really comes down to a
combination of people process and tools
throughout the presentation we're going
to touch on each of each of these three
areas and touch on some maturity models
that highlight how you can apply some of
the initiatives within each of these
three categories so a sort of
opportunity to see where you fit in that
maturity model and we'll categorize them
into these three areas before we get too
far into it to give the most practical
advice possible to line where you all
are thinking about where you are in your
business at your particular stage we
need to understand where you are and so
it may be that you are a respectable
early stage company and because of your
funding limits you're working in a bit
of a broom closet of a break room and
your caffeine supplies coming from a
good old Mr Coffee or maybe you made the
leap to the next stage of$ to10 million
in ARR and you starting to get a bit
more versatility in your coffee choices
you made the leap out of the broom
closet of a break room into a decent
kitchen and now you got a C egg machine
that's supplying your caffeine and
giving you a bit more uh taste and
flavor and and advancing what you're
trying to get from your coffee or you
may have graduated to that envious
position of double digit ARR you may
mean not knocking on the door of that
powerful Milestone of 20 million now
you've earned the right to step up your
coffee game and you can get an automated
espresso machine and which requires
little more than a water line and the
ability to push a button to get some
fantastic tasting coffee so those are
the sort of three stages and we set up
the presentation to align with each of
those three things Choose Your Own
Adventure about where you are where
you're trying to go and you can start to
map out some of the advice that we're
giving that aligns to where you are in
your in your growth Journey good is
everybody have in their minds at least
what the coffee machine should be
regardless of what it actually is roll
with me for sake of discussion we'll use
this throughout the presentation a
customer Centric strategy really starts
with people and there's a reason for
that a couple reasons the first is your
people are generally your most expensive
asset in most SAS companies and so we've
got to really optimize the work that
they're doing and the time that they're
putting into building what we're trying
to build and the second thing is that
people are much more flexible than
process and tools and we don't want to
go heavy-handed into process and tooling
right away we can lean on our people to
do some more experimentation to help us
build out what things are going to look
like and how flexible they need to be as
we progress over time we'll start to
layer on the tooling and processes we
talked
about so before we dig into the specific
structure there's a couple of pieces of
this that fundamentals that I want to
reinforce the first is when you're
building a customer Centric structure
and strategy you've got to be bringing
on people that are insan ably curious
now this is hard to teach you can
optimize a bit for it but you really
need to hire for that insatiable
curiosity about your customers and their
problems curiosity about your business
and the goals that you've set curiosity
about the market and the competition
curiosity is a core to what we're trying
to do we're trying to think about what
we want to build and and the order we
want to build it in curiosity by the way
breeds empathy empathy is truly
understanding your customers being in
their shoes understanding the goals what
motivates them what drives them this not
only helps us choose what the most
important problems that we want to solve
but also how to solve it so we have a
much higher likelihood of when we put
something in Market it's going to hit
the mark and the second thing is you
want to be really careful as we just
alluded to trying to over framework your
way out of relationships and
collaboration internally so you still
want to lean on your people being still
Central in courts no matter what we're
doing if you try to build so much
process and tooling around things you're
going to over engineer something and
waste time and certainly at the stages
of growth that we're talking about
things are going to change too fast you
can't do that yes we want to optimize
processing tools we'll talk about that
but you don't want to try to
over-engineer your way out of depending
on people to build good
relationships so let's talk about the
the team structure it starts with what
we call the Triad of the course made up
of product manager product designer and
either some sort of engineering manager
or a tech lead the sort of threesome of
the group that we're trying to think
through that just trying to think
through what to build and how to build
the PM is responsible for determining
what's a viable solution what's going to
drive business results what's going to
help meet the needs for the customer the
product designer is helping to make sure
that this thing is usable that we can
get the customer gets the value out of
the solution that we intended them to
get and the engineering manager or the
tech lead is making sure that it's
feasible can we build this thing at all
can we build it within the right time
frame and the cost that we would expect
to make sure it's actually feasible
solution now the next outer ring just
outside of the Triad is made up of a few
roles that have they have a couple
different purposes one is to provide
input into the prioritization process
research or data analytics help with
prioritization as we talked about and of
course you have the the development team
the team that's responsible for actually
building the feature that we want to
build and then the Outer Circle is that
group of stakeholders who has a couple
of different roles one is that they are
going to bring some influence in terms
of the prioritization of things that
we're going to go build we'll talk about
this a bit later but at earlier stage
companies it's okay if that outer ring
of Executives and key stakeholders is
heavily influential in the process when
you're a certain size company and that
will decrease over time but there's
always going to be some influence that
comes from that group secondly and more
importantly and this H this is true no
matter where you are in the growth stage
these this is a group of people that
needs to be intimately aware of what
you're building why you're building it
when things are coming out so they can
help amplify the value that you're
creating so we can then get into market
and capture that value in some form of
ARR now this is a scalable structure the
likelihood is no matter what stage
you're at
you will have someone doing some parts
of all of these roles now that might
mean that you have one person wearing
three four five hats and that's okay so
PM might be doing data analytics or
doing some research or maybe you haven't
hired a designer yet so you have the PM
is doing that role as well that is okay
for the growth stage you're at but the
key is it has to be crystal clear to
everyone involved your key stakeholders
about who's doing what and why they're
doing and to the depth that we expect
them to be doing that role and then of
course as you grow we'll add more
specialization which we'll talk about
just a
second so what I want to show here are
examples of specializations that you can
consider adding as you go through your
growth Journey this is not intended to
be an exhaustive list to be clear just
samples of ways to think about the roles
that you're bringing on why you should
bring them on and when so if you're at
Mr Coffee stage if you reach this sort
of million to5 million Mark you should
really be thinking about bringing on
someone whose job is to be filling that
product management role certainly you're
going to probably have someone that's
acting in sales role if not a few people
and in support now the key is as I
mentioned product manager might be doing
three or four jobs the same is true for
customer support and sales you might
have customer support answering calls
doing implementations writing
documentation Etc and again that's okay
as long as everybody's clear about what
those roles are why we have it
structured that way now the K egg stage
we've got a bit more versatility in our
coffee and it's time to bring a bit more
versatility in our specialization one
example is we have our managers that may
have been doing a lot of market research
and may be overburdened by it because
for whatever reason at your stage
company and your industry there's a lot
change a lot of changes happening and
you've decided it's time to bring on
someone in a full-time research role or
it could be someone that's already there
doing some research and we've just made
the conscious choice to carve out half
their time to do research and half their
time to do whatever existing job they
were doing before another good example
this a really powerful example is
product marketing Now product marketing
as a role could be filled by someone
saying PM working across the aisle with
someone in marketing or in sales and you
can fill that role but the challenge is
that we're trying to maximize the value
of the things that we create we're try
try to type back to what does the
customer really need to hear from us to
understand what we built and product
marketing is uniquely suited to fill
that gap between what the product and
Engineering teams are doing and what
sales and marketing CX need to be able
to enable them to and Empower them to go
take this message back out to Market
again to Maxim imiz the results the
value of the thing that you
built now you've upgraded to an espresso
machine you've got a well oiled coffee
making Contraption and your live and
large and now it's time to start
expecting the same thing from your
product development process and so this
is where we start to think about how we
can optimize the overall processes that
we put in place with a role that we call
product operations now this is a
relatively new role in our field but
it's becoming increasingly important it
as we expect so much out of our product
development process because we don't
want to make that $5 million mistake
that I was talking about earlier so
someone that can step in to fill that
role again it could be a part-time role
could be a PM that is leaning a bit more
operationally they really like that
stuff they can step in and do this s of
a part-time for a period of time and as
you grow you can start thinking about
bringing out a full-time role regardless
of the stage the key takeaway is that
these roles should be very clear as I
mentioned before everybody should
understand what we're doing and why
we're doing it so there's no ambiguity
and you understand that when we need to
ask a new role are basic clear about why
that is and what the right time for that
is we've got a good foundation on our
people side we understand the right
skill set are and the right roles
everybody knows who they are and what
they're doing now it's time to start
thinking about bringing on some good
processes right size and right place for
your company to be able to be optimized
to optimize how those people are
working now the the first thing I want
to talk about here before we get into
the specific process is what we're
building is we're trying to we're trying
to build out a process process that will
make sure that we're thinking hard about
how we build for solving problems
solving broader Market problems this is
a huge challenge for certainly for
companies of any any sort of earlier
stage where we're building based on
projects project backlog we maybe
checking some boxes maybe trying to
catch up to a competition or something
that we've heard recently from a
customer but we don't really all the way
understand it's just been a mandated
thing we want to build processes that
are um incentivizing us to to think
about things in a broader context that's
how we get real growth right we don't
solve we don't get growth from solving
for one or two or five customers we get
real growth from solving for 20 or 50 or
75% of the market that's what we're
trying to achieve so it starts with
prioritization and there are a lot of
ways to do this an early stage company
may have a decently formatted
spreadsheet list of features we rank
them we say score is one for high and 10
for low and we have that rank order and
we know what we want to build even at an
early stage I would encourage companies
to think think about it from the
standpoint of a prioritization framework
like for example rice which has been
around for is raise hands have you heard
of rice scoring rice framewor okay I
thought that was pretty okay good let me
explain why this is so important it
could feel overly complex and to be fair
it's not it's some basic drivers reach
impact confidence and effort and these
drivers are super important to drive
critical thinking for not just the
people that are making the
prioritization decisions but those that
are hearing about it so what this does
is bra and say I think this is an
important feature it's super valuable
and three customers told me about it
last week now we can go through and we
can say why is it that we think the
reach is so high or going to be so high
on this feature what are the things that
going to make it so high why do we think
the impact is going to be high or low or
whatever it may be now we're starting to
ask some really critical questions that
will help us understand the true
priority and help us start to think
about the goals that we have what are
the outcomes we're expecting for this
feature so regardless of how you do that
you're going to come out of there with a
PRI prz list of things that we're going
to do and the list of things we're not
going to do and why we're going to do
those higher priority things now we get
into the build stage and so what we call
this as a TR track model because it's
based on the notion that we can run
these three steps somewhat in parallel
which is based on the notion that we
don't have to have perfect information
to go to the next step so we start out
with a PM doing problem validation now
this is really important because you're
at the very early stages the problems we
choose to solve we need to be really
clear about what they are why we should
be solving them so the PM does some V
varying degrees of light to really heavy
validation on what this problem is why
it's important for us to solve it why is
important now our customers is going to
pay for it those sorts of things the
next is the product designer gets sees
that we're far enough along in that
process picks the Baton up and starts to
think about what the solution should
look like also starting to build some
mockups and user flows and things like
that and starting to do some light
validation ideally with customers but it
could be with some internal stakeholders
who are customer facing just as are
bouncing ideas off and see if we're on
the right track and then at some point
along the way the development team
starts to pick up some uh technical
spikes to see how feasible is this are
we in the ballpark of this being
solvable then of course at some point
they start the build process now there's
a couple really important things here
first the trick to getting this right is
that the Triad and with in conjunction
with some of the other uh supporting
roles needs to get really good at
constantly asking yourself the question
of can we make this smaller so there in
the reason this is important is um a lot
of people will think about this in terms
of what's the MVP I don't like talking
about MVPs because they don't mean it
doesn't mean anything we all have our
different definitions we can't really
decide what that means it ends up
stirring up more controversies than
helpful the way I think about this is I
use a quote from Reed Hoffman from a
while ago to articulate why this is
important he said if you ship something
and you're not embarrassed then you
shipped it too late now embarrass is a
little bit of a harsh term in this case
and it can be in construed in different
ways so say if you shipped something and
you're not uncomfortable then you've
waited too late and what does that mean
if you have this problem and somebody
says to solve it is
100% and uh you look at this thing and
like 100% is let's say it's six months
worth of development instead of trying
to do the 100% start by building 10 or
20% of it and of course when you ship it
you're going to be uncomfortable because
it's not really done yet but it's
meeting the initial um uh sort of entry
level needs try to start solving this
problem now to be clear caveat we're not
talking about quality s we're not
compromising there it's whatever the
needs of your customers are we're
talking about the feature set the
capability that we ship to Market to get
something out that can we can test and
start getting signals as to whether or
not this is a truly valuable problem for
us to solve the second thing is running
a parallel like this is a fantastic way
to drisk the solution we get something
in Market much faster and we get the
feedback back much faster as well
however what it means is the Triad and
supporting stakeholders need to be in
really good sync and build really good
collabor ation to make sure things don't
fall through the
cracks the last stage is measurement
we've already alluded this to some
extent this essentially is to say we've
got a set of goals that we put in place
maybe some very basic things do not to
be heavy again could be one or two kpis
it could be we expect the usage to be
30% from our customer base or something
like that having something will let you
give you some guidance as to how close
you are to hitting the mark so we ship
the feature we look at our kpi whatever
it is that we're using and we say we're
getting good feedback but the feedback
is okay you're in the ballpark but you
need way more that's perfect now we go
to work iterating on that feature it
might take us three four 10 iterations
to get it to really where we want it to
be the worst thing you can do is spend
six months on something you ship it to
Market and it's crickets you don't get
bad or good feedback that's when you
know you have miserably failed that's
the reason why we work so hard to get
really tight small increments so what
the measurement phase is going to do is
tell us are we on the right track or not
can we keep iterating if if we're way
off we need to think about pulling the
feature we need think about cutting our
losses early enough so we don't waste
any more time as hard as that may be and
by the way I'm sure most of you are well
aware of this another way to really
mitigate this risk even further is
through beta we get a beta of that
initial release out there we test the
feedback and it's much easier to pull a
beta than it is a ga feature this is the
that was the sort of continuous
development process but you still need
to have some steps and Milestones along
the way some check-ins to make sure that
you're on track for hitting your broader
goals and if you're at say for example
the Mr Coffee stages we talked about you
may have a very basic prioritization
framework as a spreadsheet with a list
of features and you're doing some
check-ins with your executive team or
stakeholders let's say every two to four
weeks right just to have a good check-in
everybody's aligned regardless of how
you got to priorities you're super clear
that this is the stuff we're going to
build this is what's going to be built
later and these are the reasons why we
prioritize it the way we are and the
goals we're expecting now once you
advance to the cure egg versatility and
variety you're going to have to start
thinking a little bit further ahead on
your road maps so instead of doing
something on a monthly basis you're
going to start thinking about doing we
call quarterly planning where we're
bringing a bit more rigorous prioritized
list to the team spending time doing
capacity planning dependency mapping and
hopefully looking back on what you
achieved the previous quarter and
applying those learnings to quarters
coming forward and then the outcome of
this may be a 3 to six or maybe even
nine month a road map to give you some
some sense to where you're going now
once you advance to that glorious
automated espresso machine you're
pushing buttons getting great coffee
it's time to start thinking much further
ahead you're starting to get more
advanced in your quarterly planning
process you may want to introduce um a
yearly alignment session now I
understand that for most startups
thinking a year ahead maybe seems like a
waste of time yes things will change but
the goal is to get really good alignment
about what how you're thinking about the
product Direction where you're trying to
go as a company that sets the tone for
everything that you do uh going forward
and keep in mind as you grow as a
company the communication challenges and
collaboration challenges become um
bigger right so you have to come up with
new ways to solve for those things at
first you may have been working right
next to the salesperson and you lean
over and tell them this is how it's
going and this is the feature and
explain it they give on the call and
they sell it and you're good but when
you get to a place where you got a
marketing team that's maybe on the other
side of the building or in a different
office or a different part of the
country we've got to really start to
enable them as we talked about with
product marketing to really amplify the
things that we're building really
maximize the value get in terms of what
the customer needs doing things like
preparing for webinars and all the pr
that comes from great things that we
build we need to really Empower them
much further out so then get a head
start of what we're trying to do the
last thing I point out in this is this
quarterly planning events are a really
big staple for how I make sure we're
maintaining that customer centrality
that we talked about but they don't have
to be big they don't have to be heavy
events
can be the core group of product and
Engineering folks who are spending some
time preparing you get that kind of core
group with some stakeholders involved
for a few days of alignment sessions and
the result of that is you read out to
the broad organization your updated road
map why it is and what your goals are
and everybody's in really good alignment
with how you're trying to carry the
company
forward all right the next thing you
want to do is talk about tools now tools
no matter what stage of company you're
at or how basic the tools may be they're
a really good way to help ensure that
your teams are able to easily follow the
processes that we just talked about we
put in place to make sure we're
optimizing the business we don't want
this to be a heavy thing this is going
to be reducing the burden on these teams
to help us Implement these
processes now the first thing is we said
that Mr Coffee stage you are probably
you need to have some good
prioritization Frameworks as we talked
about it could be something as basic as
taking feedback from emails as we talked
about earlier or from Slack M drops that
into a spreadsheet does some basic
prioritization does the check-ins on the
monthly basis that we talked about the
moment you get to the cure egg a stage
you will definitely be starting to get
far more feedback in terms of volume and
the sources and the variety of feedback
and what will happen is if you're not
careful you the people that are charged
with maintaining that feedback and
managing all that will get massively
overburdened and that either won't keep
up and we turn into that black hole of
feature request that we talked about
earlier or they're so burden they don't
and we ask like why aren't you doing
your real job the reason is that we've
totally buried them so at this stage we
need to start thinking about bringing a
tool that's more designed for managing
this at some scale now some companies
can do this fairly well with a Dev
oriented tool like a jira or a gitlab
for example my suggestion is and what
I've seen to work very well is at this
stage start to think about a modern Road
mapping tool that's purpose-built for
what we're trying to do here it's not
going to add that much in terms of time
or effort or even cost because the
limited number of people that may be
using it there's few only licensing and
all that great stuff but it's really
purpose built for what we're going to do
and set you up for some of the later
stages that we're going to talk about
now at the advanced espresso machine you
are getting in an incredible amount of
feature requests and data from a variety
of different sources from Partners to
analyst to internal to looking at your
competition it becomes quickly
overwhelming that even with some good
tools you're still not going to solve
for the scale challenges so you want to
start thinking about some ways of
building in some smart Integrations
maybe some very basic things to start
with then you can add on to them over
time another thing is and this can apply
to any stage but what we're learning and
to be honest at the beginning I was
fairly skeptical about how well uh AI
was going to advance what we did as
quickly as it did and it turns out it is
making our job so much easier take
massive amounts of data from a variety
of different sources and proactively
pull that in a way we can start to see
real Trends and real understanding the
mindset of the customer and the problems
that they're trying to solve in ways
that we never could in the past
so this is a view of how we are set up
at dashing to be clear we're probably
further along than maybe most of you are
in our growth Journey this is really
designed to show you what are things to
be thinking through what you should be
trying to get to in in the direction of
as you're growing so we'll start with as
we said product board is a road mapping
tool that we've chosen there are many
Alternatives but it is our source of
Truth and we reinforce this over and
over again what we're going to build and
why we're building it how it aligns our
goals is all captured in product board
now of course we integrate with gitlab
in our case and so we're sending data
out from a development standpoint but
this is where things start now on the
input side I'm not going to go through
all these but a couple of examples we
still take input from slack our internal
stakeholders we want to empower them to
share feedback with us in the easiest
way possible and a lot of times for them
that's through slack the difference is I
don't have a product manager responding
to every single slack message that goes
directly into product board categorized
and routed to the right people
drastically reduces the burden on our
product management uh and design team so
again other sources of data of customer
data we get this super powerful provides
a lot of context the one I want to call
out because it's really exciting and
something very new for us is we built
some AI Tools in uh gong gong is as many
of you probably know the tool that our
sales team uses to record Prospect calls
CX uses to record customer calls and
what the AI is doing is listening for
some sort of customer sentiment to say
that they there's a problem that they
have that we're not solving there's a
feature that we're missing there's
something they don't like about the
product and we're keying off of that and
the moment we hear that we send that
over to product board as a feature
request with all the context we need now
we're being incredibly proactive about
what we're looking for and how we get
that data before I personally listen to
a lot of gong calls that's great but
even my broader team is not going to
scale in a way that AI is going to scale
or pull this
data so in closing want to cover a few
key takeaways things that you can use as
early as next week to be next week to
begin rolling out a Right Size customer
facing or customer Centric strategy and
structure for your
business now the first thing is we talk
a lot about this prioritization
framework something that's going to
incentivize your broader organization to
prioritize objectively those problems we
want to solve that are going to have the
highest impact for the broadest segment
of the market who we're serving without
that again you're guessing there's a
little bit of feature factory work going
in here and so it's not going to work
prioritize everything you do by the way
one thing is practically speaking things
will jump the prioritization framework
you will it's never going to be perfect
and even if I have a perfect list of one
to 20 I may not do number one for some
other reason this is directionally
accurate as what we're trying to get it
gives you a stronger sense as to which
are the right things that you're going
to do regardless of what it is we should
still put it through this framework so
we can learn from it the second thing is
on the people side as we mentioned we
don't want to try to framework our way
out of um having good relationships and
good collaboration so we want to invite
our people external or our other
stakeholders to the prioritization
events the planning events that we
talked about we don't want to try to um
just build out processes and and tools
that don't require any people input at
all we're losing far too much context
and certainly if we're trying to build
our way out of talking to customers
which no matter what we do and what I
told you today that still is a super
critical part of what we're trying to do
to make sure we gain gain feedback and
context about what we're trying to solve
for now that being said we do need tools
and processes that allow us to link
these critical Market problems back to
the features that we're trying to build
we can't solve it all just by talking
with internal stakeholders or even
talking to customers we'll spend our
entire weeks doing either on meetings or
calls or just responding to slack and
that definitely won't scale so you need
to have a good balance between the two
last thing I'll say is as I mentioned
many times it's super important that
we're matching the people process and
tools to where we are in our grow stage
just like the coffee machine in your
break room needs to match what type of
company that you are so too should your
process and tools match what Stage
Company you're at and here's the
important part and I've mentioned this a
couple of times I cannot reiterate this
enough it's super important that we're
clear with all of our key stakeholders
what we're doing and why we're doing it
and who should be responsible for these
things multip mulp times in multiple
ways to the point where they almost get
sick of hearing it because everybody
needs to be in really good alignment
I'll close by saying it this
way if you get to the point where you've
shared this out enough times with enough
people in enough ways where they can
play it back to you what it is that
we're doing by the way we're depending
on them to be a part of these processes
if they're playing it back to you that's
when you know you've achieved the
alignment that you need to be
successful thank you everybody
appreciate it